Template : Date - Number of hours
	   Name : Brief note on what you have worked on
all:
12/01 - 1,5 hours
introduction of the group, brainstorming topics, rough draft of ideas

19/01 - 1,5 hours
data retrieval organisation, problem discussions

26/01 - 1,5 hours
search engine organisation, problem discussions

02/02 - 1,5 hours
front-end options, filtering for database, problem discussions

09/02 - 1,5 hours
solving issues with data fetching, visualization for website/search results, optimization of search engine

16/02 -  1,5 hours
error search (and solving), discussion on weighting and testing, optimizing parts in the code


individual work:

24/01 - 3 hours
Lisa : Implementation of the boolean search. It works well and can be based on different categories. Each category has their own vector to allow it + a general vector if the category is not described. I still need to implement a correct answer when a query is invalid or when the game is not in the database.

29/01 - 2,5 hours
Ina: implementation of tf-idf with Lisa's former work of boolean search

26/01 - 2 hours
Ivan : Multi-word matching based on the Boolean search implemented.

28/01 - 1 hour
Ivan : Wildcard/pattern matching queries implemented (in the RefinedSearchCD.py). As an extra it is capable of running regex because I am just taking the input and using it as a pattern for a regex.

31/01 - 1 hour
Lisa : Implementation of the stemming searches while using the Boolean Search as a base. I saw Ivan searches and Ina's tf-idf search, we need to mix everything to make the search motor for next week. Done with the project planning description at the same time.

02/02 - 3 hours
Ivan : Re-fetched data to include images and exclude very explicit games. Reworked the SQL database's schema to make it relational (more efficient), now developers/publishers and genres are tables that are related to game's entries. And modified the script for fetching data so that it pushes it directly into the database (no worries, the json is also kept and updated).

02/01 to 05/01 - 6 hours
Ivan : Created a script that processes the boolean vectors and pushes them into the database. Swapped the vectors from numpy matrices to pandas dataframes. Also created a library-like database script that you can import for ease of use. Implemented tf-idf processing to push into the database and tests in the same script to check that everything works as intended.

02/01 to 07/02 - 3 hours
Lisa : Finished the factorisation of the motor engine, re-wrote the boolean and tf-idf + the specific searches in the same code. Gave the code to Ivan for debugging it and adding it in the good place in the github. It is using a part of Ivan's work + re-doing some storage of its own, slow but it's working. Ready for implementation but Waiting for the last kind of research to be implemented to improve it.

02/02 to 08/02 - 6.5 hours
Suchanya: Design and implementation of frontend features for demo. Includes: home page, search results page, and game detail pages.

07/02 and 08/02 - 3 hours
Ivan : Fixed stuff to make all the pieces work together. Changed database system, now a connection to the database is opened every time there's a query (damn Flask). Parsed the dataframe search result into a dict so it can be used, maybe should be changed in the future so the result is a dict. Corrected some fields in the search.html. The engine is workig, hurray!

13/02 - 2,5 hours
Ina : documentation (readme) draft, working through former uploads

14/02 - 1,5 hours
Ivan : Created functions to generate the pie chart and the rating histogram by passing ids. The plots are generated and saved as images in the .temp folder.

15/02 - 1,5 hours
Lisa : Infinite scrolling for tf_idf (take time to load, need to talk about a result limit)
Modyfied the template of the webpage to show the details of the game, added the picture + re-organized the desciption with the different markdowns.

15/02 - 2 hours
Suchanya: new home page, scroll view on search results, html space to display plots. Working on getting the plots to display, but Flask is being Flask again.

16/02 - 0.5 hours
Ivan: Created function to get the normalized weights for the similarity search sorting (the similarity should be weighted as 0.7 similarity score and 0.15 for each of rating and ratings count).

19/02 - 1.5 hours
Ivan: Fixed a bug that was causing the vector to be loaded twice (not really a bug but a feature of flask). Changed plots' styling a bit. Created and serialized neural embeddings.

19/02 - 2 hours
Suchanya: fixed some styling and html, plots are now displayed upon search. also fixed bug where site would crash if a search returned no results.
